This month I'd like to talk about presenting your gifts to God.
We certainly have every reason to consider this topic.
Well why is that?
It's because Jehovah gives us so much.
James chapter 1 verse 17 says,
Every good gift and every perfect present is from above,
coming down from the Father of the celestial lights.
For example, Jehovah allows us to enjoy the gift of life
even though our first parents tried to take that from us.
He's provided us with a variety of foods.
The environment has just right to support life.
He's given us His precious Word, the Bible,
so that we can come to know Him and His purposes.
And the greatest perfect present Jehovah's given us
is the ransom.
Jehovah sacrificed a great deal to arrange for Jesus
to buy back for us the hope of everlasting life.
This was at no obligation on Jehovah's part.
It was totally a gift of love.
Please read with me first, John 4.9.
By this, the love of God was revealed in our case
that God sent His only begotten Son into the world
so that we might gain life through Him.
What a gift of love from Jehovah are God.
What does that move us to do?
Maybe you've had the experience of a close friend
or family member unexpectedly giving you a valuable gift.
Immediately, what are you thinking?
You're probably trying to think of what you can give in return.
How much more so would we want to present our gifts to God?
So as to show our sincere appreciation for all He's done.
Let's consider some possible gifts that Jehovah would be pleased
to receive from us.
Many of you in our viewing audience have been moved
to give your life to Jehovah, dedicating yourself
to do His will.
That's commendable.
That's what Romans 12 urges us to do.
However, there are some of you, listening,
who've thought about this way of giving back to Jehovah,
but you haven't yet taken this vital step.
Notice the appeal the Apostle Paul makes at Romans 12 one.
Therefore, I appeal to you by the compassion of God brothers
to present your bodies as a living sacrifice,
holy and acceptable to God, a sacred service
with your power of reason.
Your life is precious.
Presenting your body your whole soul to God
is one of the best gifts you can give to Him.